README.md, before:

# fireactions [![test](https://github.com/hostinger/fireactions/actions/workflows/test.yaml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/hostinger/fireactions/actions/workflows/test.yaml)

BYOM (Bring Your Own Metal) and run self-hosted GitHub runners in ephemeral, fast and secure [Firecracker](https://firecracker-microvm.github.io/) based virtual machines.

![Architecture](docs/architecture.png)

## Features

- Autoscaling based on received GitHub webhooks for `workflow_job` events.
- Support for multiple GitHub organisations
- Fast startup time of 15-30 seconds (from webhook received event to job running).
- Security by design: ephemeral virtual machines, no persistent storage. No need to worry about secrets left on the virtual machine.
- Support for `x86_64`, `arm64` architectures and multiple Linux kernel (LTS) versions.
- Support for multiple Linux distributions (Ubuntu 20.04 and Ubuntu 22.04).
- VM resource allocation (vCPUs, RAM) based on GitHub job labels.

## Usage

To start using self-hosted GitHub runners, add the label to your workflow jobs:

```yaml
<...>
runs-on:
- self-hosted
- actions-<GROUP>-<FLAVOR>
```

Job labels identify the type of virtual machine to create for the Job. Label must begin with prefix `actions-` and must be followed by the group and flavor name. If the flavor name is not specified, the default configured flavor will be used.

The label format is based on the following template:

`<PREFIX>-<GROUP>-<FLAVOR>`

Flavors are defined in the `flavors` section of the [configuration](./docs/configuration.md) file. The default flavor can be specified in the `default-flavor` option.

## Roadmap

- Support for right-sizing virtual machines based on actual (historical) GitHub job resource usage via [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/)

## License

[Apache License, Version 2.0](LICENSE)

Commit message:

feat: Implement groups for grouping node(s) to runner(s)

README.md, after:

# fireactions [![test](https://github.com/hostinger/fireactions/actions/workflows/test.yaml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/hostinger/fireactions/actions/workflows/test.yaml)

BYOM (Bring Your Own Metal) and run self-hosted GitHub runners in ephemeral, fast and secure [Firecracker](https://firecracker-microvm.github.io/) based virtual machines.

![Architecture](docs/architecture.png)

## Features

- Autoscaling based on received GitHub webhooks for `workflow_job` events.
- Support for multiple GitHub organisations
- Fast startup time of 15-30 seconds (from webhook received event to job running).
- Security by design: ephemeral virtual machines, no persistent storage. No need to worry about secrets left on the virtual machine.
- Support for `x86_64`, `arm64` architectures and multiple Linux kernel (LTS) versions.
- Support for multiple Linux distributions (Ubuntu 20.04 and Ubuntu 22.04).
- VM resource allocation (vCPUs, RAM) based on GitHub job labels.

## Usage

To start using self-hosted GitHub runners, add the label to your workflow jobs:

```yaml
<...>
runs-on:
- self-hosted
- actions-<GROUP>-<FLAVOR>
```

Job labels identify the type of virtual machine to create for the Job. Label must begin with prefix `actions-` and must be followed by the group and flavor name. If the flavor name is not specified, the default configured flavor will be used.

The label format is based on the following template:

`<PREFIX>-<GROUP>-<FLAVOR>`

Flavors and groups are defined in the `flavors` and `groups` section of the [configuration](./docs/configuration.md) file. The default flavor and group can be specified in the `default-flavor`, `default-group` options.

## Roadmap

- Support for right-sizing virtual machines based on actual (historical) GitHub job resource usage via [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/)

## License

[Apache License, Version 2.0](LICENSE)
